Don't go too far.
I see
I heard that our Mr. Lu is not married yet
He's not married yet
There can be no secret
I heard people say he doesn't like women
I also raised an extra Lehe, you wait for the brothers
Could it be that President Lu is the one who supports him?
Now that we have found Lu Enterprises' headquarters
You think you saved Xiao
Can you approach me at any time?
I'm here for an interview, okay?
Besides, are you hard to approach?
It's not okay to have money
Make it seem like you are so precious
You are here for an interview
This is your festival
Of course, yeah.
Are you here for the interview too?
I advise you.
Forget it.
No play why
I think your work level is very high
Because the senior designer of Lu Group
It's not professional at all
See who gives more red envelopes.
All bribes to staff and bribes
All blacklisted
From Now On
All industries in Jiangcheng will never be hired
It's Mr. Lu
Senior fashion designer
Do you always need to re-open the recruitment? Record him